Document data-standard tests (#58)
openownership/bods-dev-handbook: testing.md

* If a schema file is added or removed, or an `$id` value is changed, the `schemas` variable needs to be updated in `test_schema.py`.
* If additional requirements are placed on how the schema is structured or formatted (eg. letter case of fields, indentation) tests for these should be added to `test_schema.py`.
* New codelists are tested automatically; nothing needs to be added if these change.

#### Schema function

If constraints are added to or removed from the JSON schema (eg. a string field which previously had no maximum length now has a maximum length), valid and invalid test data should be added to the appropriate subdirectory in `tests/data/`.

Use one file per requirement, with the minimum contents possible to test only the requirement in question. This is so that if any requirements change in future, we have the minimum amount to update in the test files.

Name the test files to make it clear which requirement is being tested.

A minimum valid BODS statement looks like this:

```
[
    {
        "statementId": "2f7bf9370f1254068e5e946df067d07d",
        "declarationSubject": "xyz",
        "recordId": "123",
        "recordType": "entity",
        "recordDetails": {

>             "entityType": "unknownEntity",

Reviewer: Wouldn't this only be the case with "entity" statements?

            "isComponent": False,
        },
    }
]
```

> Start from this, and add only the field you are testing. If you are testing a field in a nested object (eg. `publicationDetails/publisher/name`) you may need to add more data to cover additional required fields (eg. `publicationDetails/publicationDate`). Check the schema itself to find out which fields are required for the various components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start from a minimal statement like this, and add only the field you are testing. If you are testing a field in a nested object (eg. `publicationDetails/publisher/name`) you may need to add more data to cover additional required fields (eg. `publicationDetails/publicationDate`). Check the schema itself to find out which fields are required for the various objects.
```

> After adding new files make sure **run the tests** (`pytest tests/test_data.py`) to check they pass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After adding new files make sure to **run the tests** (`pytest tests/test_data.py`) to check they pass.
```
